lots of guys two miles back another
minecraft video and this is one of the
most biggest update videos I have ever
done on my channel laid unto so it's a
bit different gotta um so the first one
is that the server that I was telling
you about it has been made now I my
friend has done on the plugins and that
is awesome and I helped him make it I
haven't done much which I'm pretty
disappointed in myself about but I will
help him so much if he lets me go on his
computer do make stuff I I'm going to
make a view of me on the server and it's
not finished yet then we'll make another
viewer saying when it is when other
people can join it so yeah it's the
first one and this one I was gobsmacked
about now this one got a kind believe it
up alright so just bury my freaking G
March really annoying this machinima now
I am sponsored by machinima now which is
pretty awesome when I click on this link
here this is where the video is that
like their interest office and this one
this will be my true
that's gonna be my intro from last fun
videos now sorry yeah yeah so much else
to say that's pretty much all I have to
say I've got a server I'm sponsored by
machinima although something else I
wanted to say oh yeah I'm making that
video yeah and or mojang was so annoying
with this freaking april fools prank how
everyone skins was a dinosaur having not
done so my villager that was really
annoying really really annoying so bye
guys hope you enjoyed this video and go
with